So what? I overcome challenges. Thio leadership is one for you right now.
You're in a smoke free and 80 for the most part underway. And you're
a drug free navy. Otherwise, until using what I joined the Navy
in 1984. Bitch of a neighbor guy, The one that was hot decades. There
was rampant drug use from the Vietnam era. Ships could not get underway,
and that was a problem. So you know that time order zero tolerance
for drugs and we started kicking people out and keeping amount
way did that. So we had a drug for your name. And now it's very interesting
that report medical marijuana is allowed in a bunch of states
at this point. Medical marijuana, though, is not allowed in our
navy. So that's gonna be a challenge for you knew. And I'm sure those
challenges coming. Okay. But we cannot have officers or enlisted on
our ships that are medically, medically on ball. I'd be sand watch,
and that does not really saying I need my medical marijuana. Well,
you don't need to be a baby that Charlie's home drew off the face